[Music]
good morning
so today it is Wednesday I'll tell you
roughly what I'm doing today so in the
morning my friend Liz and right
basically we just live opposite each
other and we've decided that we're going
to go into town so we're just gonna go
food shopping
hopefully not necessarily but
potentially going to a Model UN brunch
because I really want to join Model UN I
am doing a Harry Potter scavenger hunt
on campus it sounds like it could be a
really good fun basically there's a
hide-and-seek Society here which sounds
pretty cool and they are doing taster
sessions I don't think I can actually
join the society but I like the idea of
playing a massive game of hide-and-seek
around campus it sounds like it could be
quite good fun then seven theology
Society is doing a meet-up so I'm going
to go to that too at eight I'm not when
it finishes I'm not sure what I'll do I
might go and meet my friends or I might
come back it depends on how tired I am
so I'm just gonna finish my macaroni
cheese
um I've got loads of the sauce left but
this is the stuff that I have made
myself a bowl and I couldn't finish it
yesterday
okay so macaroni cheese eaten I'm just
gonna quickly wash this up and I'm still
a tiny bit hungry I didn't really know
how because I have eaten quite well
today oh these are the things that came
free and my university package which I'm
not gonna eat so I'm just waiting just
give them to somebody who might want
them I think I might have a glass of
orange juice if I didn't really I mean I
fell carrots and onions and potatoes and
that but I haven't really had any
vitamin C
also I just went down to Tesco's with my
friend Liz and we just went to go and
get some essentials and when I say
essentials I mean I got some dried figs
I haven't tried them before but I
thought they'd be quite nice and
porridge and things so Beth and I are
doing a hairy photo scavenger hunt at
the moment and basically I mean the
questions are quite hard we're not
really sure of the date when Hogwarts
was founded but we think it's I'm so
sorry I stayed humble does aegis-1 that
we've been having a lot of is where he
died the age where he died yes we've
been trying to think about it logically
you know how old was he when he went to
visit Tom Riddle and then keeping in
mind that Voldemort was about 70 when he
died I'm not sure not sure do you think
we should change
I don't know I'm too scared 120 but you
got points for the closer you are to the
answer so okay let's go join the best to
our team because we've kind of fallen
behind
so I just went to go and collect this
parcel I think that this is the one for
BBC Whiteside clinical I always get
ready now so I'm going to cut through
something I love so this parcel isn't
from BBC bite-sized this is from some
family friends oh my gosh oh my gosh
this is actually so heartwarming I
didn't know that they were sending me
those same people who bought me the
young rescue book the vegan recipe book
which I showed them my university okay
it says fabulous basically this is a
kind of inside joke that we have with
their family and we say that everything
is fabulous and so now I can put this
off my University all I really love this
it's just a thoughtful and also this
really beautiful card which I will be
putting up with my other cards so right
here I was making a weekly timetable so
basically just scheduling in work
because we've been Ison suggested that
we work from 9:00 till 5:00 every day on
University stuff and then we can
concentrate on you know doing chores and
cooking and just having fun outside of
this time so I was making a schedule
where I put in chores put in time for
meal prep and just
things I had to do every day
[Music]
it's so beautiful
it's just so all terminal I love it so
I'm pretty sure this is probably my
fourth time up this Hill today so I'm
just walking to a theology Society
meetup which starts in 15 minutes
there must be a shorter way to this
building because I basically have up a
hill and then down another one
I love this time of day
Twilight and I just spent my exposure
and that's why it looks so dark and I'm
really sorry about the quality of this
vlogging at the moment basically I've
ordered any vlogging cameras you know I
have another vlogging camera I didn't
bring it with me because I want to sell
it so I didn't think that there was any
point bringing it because I plan to buy
one when I got here
so at the moment I'm vlogging on my
phone which is kind of inconvenient and
I think I'm going to traverse completely
over to the GoPro just because the
quality is so much better
so I'm trying not to find it awkward
logging in front of people
it's somehow more awkward when you're on
your phone I don't really know why it's
just a quaint party we thought the next
was just gonna be super super modern and
I didn't really like a super super
modern but you might have been able to
guess if you've been watching my videos
for a long time but there is something
really quaint about this courtyard in
particular if you have a look it's just
beautiful
and so I'm actually I've actually
decided just to head back to my room
basically the theology talk I'm not sure
that was that was probably just some
confusion with the location but no one
turned up apart from three students so I
don't know we decided to wait it out for
about twenty minutes but when nobody
turned up and we ended up getting quite
lost in the a memory building we decided
it was probably best just to leave I'm
just gonna head back and make some
dinner I think I'm gonna make some
lentil vegan Bolognese because I found a
really good recipe online so I just went
over to the flat most of my friends live
in and I didn't say for very long I only
stayed for about kind of 4050 minutes
because I haven't cooked any yet and I
do kind of want to go over and make
something and they were all sitting down
to dinner anyway so but it was really
good fun
you